in the city of New York a crime is
committed every eight cents but just
across the river lies a quiet town
called garrison New Jersey where New
York's finest return home the hero cop
unwilling to trust the system jumps from
the George Washington Bridge today he is
laid to rest here in the cemetery at
garrison New Jersey Smurf Regent our
fair city I heard was a way of life out
here but I check it out for myself
where we like the Amish now it's a place
where the sheriff wears the badge but
the cops own the town my jurisdiction
ends at the George Washington Bridge but
half the men i watch with beyond that
bridge when no one's watching I'm
watching affected a sheriff a complan he
always dreamed of becoming one of them
how am I gonna meet sheriff Freddie
Heflin Freddie's a hell of a guy you
call me but now he has uncovered
something that could force him to choose
between protecting his idols and
law
which isn't that you know what I know
Superman you have connected these it's
over krei set flow butt heads with these
friends of ours
you're gonna come out to bed on your
chance to be a cop and you
is not a bulletproof vest ready what are
you gonna do share this old town
everybody's watching you Freddie
Sylvester Stallone Harvey Keitel Ray
Liotta and Robert DeNiro Copland